[Music]
talking about r vale which by the way it
seems like gold to me that the one who sues
ra is called sereno or rather I think that I
think that what we are doing is taking a complaint I
think that what we are experiencing here is
m they are actors they are preparing us they
are all actors man without more eh the ironies
of life no no they are not actors man there is no
more it is that it can not be any
other way man you paid for this whole show it
is that the freaks that approach us the
Freaks that attack me are always that I
think they are actors that put me Here to
create content man it is brutal
sereno man there were names to give him well it
is sereno [ __ ] wait Ask
Frank to speak to elon musk so that he
speaks to jeos and he tells the ceo of T
to take away your bancara smiling with his
eyes closed
Hahahaha well nothing happens family let's
see in the end the reason let's see what
ra has said about the subject because Ray has
said that everything is a lie okay that the
police lie that the justice of Miami
lies that he does not  has done nothing There he is
calm we found him dear delox that's
exactly where he was going Eh it calls my
attention a lot a lot a lot what the [ __ ] and the defenders of
the law and delox where is delox and all
the channels that talked about
all the illegalities with which dala was going to end up in jail and that they paraded this one around and they put them on their channels and all that stuff a guy who has been in jail all weekend a guy who has been in jail all weekend for precisely
death threats assaults and they got him
out for paying bail and they
put a restraining order on him okay
tell this to Lily she's the one who does
that she's the one in charge that okay I'm
the salsería and this restraining order
yes it's true This arrest is true
This complaint for death threats is
true these assaults are true
and this guy really did end up in jail
and delox and Ricky and gibel and the other one
and the one on the motorcycle and everyone I don't know what's going on
but this why not of course It's that here
is where you say Look  It has to
be Dallas if not it doesn't matter it's where it is
shown No well I didn't have to
comment, I don't know what about I don't know what
game that didn't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] the
truth and this where is everyone Anyway it's
not clear because of course this guy
says whatever he wants apparently
in his live he was talking about Javi from
Dallas I don't want to say that they that If they
were here in the United States and the
other husband Fernando Urdaneta
wasn't hiding in Venezuela
hiding in Venezuela hiding
in Venezuela I mean they've come to me for
death threats and assaults and there's
a lawsuit from a certain night watchman there's a
lawsuit from a certain night watchman who claims that
this guy doesn't pay him the rent or in other words
everything they've said about Dallas in a
pack this guy and the guy is going to take it
live and say no but Dallas and and
Daniel José wouldn't be putting on
chroma But Minoru would be more than in prison but he would
be in prison for real not like
me they went there to take my statement
that guy would be in prison who has made
legitimate threats to shoot
guys  that they put you in jail
that the Dallas restraining order
was fake that it didn't exist that it was an
excuse paranoia debate that the one who
put you in jail is you let's see
that I understand that in a moment of
heat in a fight or whatever
Well maybe the police arrive, stop or whatever but for you to
lie but
for them to put you in jail and for
you to put a bail of 7500 bucks
eh the clues that there have to be
curious I'm not saying eh I say eh watch out eh
that I could be wrong the police is
that over there he smokes joints Yeah but they
more quo amazing Hey what's this about
31 new members 22 members are missing
to reach 3000 what happens is that of
course I would like that instead of 22
members we spend it with a little bit
of hard orgad not so that tomorrow
others have not been eliminated a bail of
7500 is no small thing man already I already  you'll say
no you'll tell me no 7500 bucks for
God's sake no but it's that Dallas was
sentenced for right to honor in a
civil case to 6000 Oops that recorded taking off his
legs here Dallas here in the United
States would be in prison Uh many years
many years ago Uh would be would be or rather
would be Dallas would be would be in
jail Yes yes What happened nothing a little
problem there a little economic problem nothing nothing a little
economic problem a little
economic problem But well thank God we
solved it thank God we are we are
here at home nothing got any worse it didn't happen nothing got any
worse they
put me in
jail stupidity stupidity there are people who
go to Córdoba for the weekend okay
there to a
spa this weekend The truth is that
things were really expensive this
drawing what the [ __ ] the
B they grab on to that they grab on to that and
Nonsense like what nonsense Look at all
the videos that come up recommended dude
here look he comes up with the Dallas channel and he
comes up with a channel about everything related to
Dallas dude like LL because obviously
I Alo I already realized that the guy
was a tremendous scammer Yo  I start
contacting absolutely all of his
family contacting his brother or we'll have to
see this having seen Ray here
the ways they have man but count
on it that excuse is perfect but
well three more contacting the
family with the brothers of a turkey
who owed him money according to him I tried to
get the mother's number but not
to harm her so that she would
help me recover the money so that they would
call him and say Hey look you
know what you're doing You're stealing from a
person the person already knows Who we are
so that he feels ashamed well it is so
that he feels ashamed and The guy grabs
from there to say I mean I don't even
know the mother's name How can I
hurt a person that I don't even
know her name it's impossible I mean I don't
know the guy's mother's name I don't know
where you live they're not going to put you in
jail Simply because a guy okay
here you have the bmat they're not going to put you in
jail because a guy makes up let's see
we're talking about a guy who
made up that daras had told him that I
flirted with people on Instagram
okay And what dlas  he hired a hitman for
serene and for delox okay I mean we're
talking about a guy who made that up
for me the worst thing is not even
raay himself for me it's the people who gave him the
ball man delox's tweet well
delox's tweet saying that he was going to
report what where is that report
where is that report for all those who
are celebrating that that happened to me
unfortunately well I tell you
yes yes Oh you saw what
Dallas said Well I tell you yes if Dallas
lived in the United States yes I
only told the person
tonight you won't be able to be quiet in
your house and I didn't mean that I was going to
look for him but that the police were going to
look for him and they are trying to
put me in jail Imagine with a person
who told me that he was going to shoot me twice
and stab me twice don't celebrate too
much Dallas because Dallas with the
messages that he sent me here I would be in
jail anyway so what's celebrating is
[ __ ] because they even make that up I mean
in the in the case  make it up, I mean,
look, look at that stuff is what it says Look,
threaten, threaten in writing to kill,
incredible, threat in writing to kill, to
cause harm, that didn't happen, that didn't happen
The police made it up, okay, that didn't happen, that didn't
happen, you're talking pure [ __ ], son of a
[ __ ], laón Don't worry, you're going to end up very soon Don't worry, you're going to end up in
[ __ ]
jail very soon. Don't
worry, very soon V will end I
assure you, [ __ ], what have you done, we already have it
all on record Don't
worry, you're going to
end up, you piece of [ __ ] [ __ ], what do you
tell me, I'm going to get out, I'm
not talking to you,
brother, shut your mouth and stop, I'm
afraid of you, what you're
laughing at, you have no morals to tell
anyone else, stater. Shut your mouth V to your
channel, I don't have one, I don't have a complaint, don't say
anything You're a disgrace, and deos, we'll see
something too,
police, no face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter delos
has shut up, I don't know what's wrong with delos.
Okay, look, this was this  is delox this
is ra's relationship with delox before
raed invents the thing about the hitmen
okay let's see vo because unor like you
tell me that I'm going to leave I don't
want to talk to you brother don't shut your
[ __ ] mouth and stop saying that I
have you afraid that you what
laugh you have no morals to tell anyone
else scammer Shut your mouth Go to
your channel with I have a
complaint This was first then r started
saying this nonsense and contacted
delox and the two of them invented this roll
tell you in that house V those threats
that good cicario told how I go to
the hitmen and I'm going to see things in that
house has to do with what do you think I
was there is that what that what they are
telling You have
a cone that told delo I have not told
anything yes but let's see that told delo
after having a conversation
with you on discord you and you How do you conclude
that I was the one who said to let's see
with you Nothing Problem with him but And you
as a conclusion draw that I told it
to delo I  I'm looking at you that you ca
n't stand Delo the other day When you
get on a call with Gibel and
Ricky you don't even want to be put
on a call with him and suddenly I see you yesterday and you
've talked to Delo in the last few
hours and Delo comes out saying that he has an
Oscar after him how clumsy they are
and that someone said that he
was in the house they always show all their
cards man they're super dumb that's what
Delo said Maybe maybe Delo
has drawn conclusions I don't know that let Delo
say it let's see you want to put me
here why do you want to put me here
answer questions that you have that we're going to
do another way think about it think about it
mom
please they were
hiring Oh my God of my life the
conversations of Del Raed
man And from there Delox changed his
attitude with Raed and this Deo came in before
anything else because a little from
behind I think that R should know that you
're here maybe he didn't want to want to
say one thing only if I'm here
Well I'm Sadim noes for the camera or
here he can't no  for the camera the camera
I have to connect
it with the
Nutella I didn't want it to be I have
nothing
that I just wanted a question and I'm leaving do
n't worry because I'm
listening to you and I say [ __ ] this network I'm
starting to like you know so I say
[ __ ] for not wanting it to be
as it has been in charge of making public the
other part once again it can't an
exaggeratedly serious and Well I
also said tive and also surreal eh
however I at that same moment I already made
a tweet in which I tried to appeal
to I don't know an ultimate Abyss of consciousness
in that person eh telling him that
well that he's
basically going crazy and that in the end I'm not the
person who is dedicated to constantly threatening to
kill everyone every day
or that he has made videos eh
directly eh fantasizing about how to
torture and murder in the most unbearable way it is
still in recent weeks and it's been
like taking up a lot of time
Oh This is not the c yes they
never end badly and taking up a lot of
time this character a few weeks ago
a completely normal because well I
had no proof  of it and weeks that
never end in charge of doing you already
know that last week This is not
the click I don't know why it says this text
because this is not the click But well
miare Ricky also put that you know that I
value my life a lot if for whatever reason I
disappear or you see that I stop making
content it will not be under my will they
gave veracity to r it was Ricky No no there
were a few miad Ricky there were a
few anyway [ __ ] But in what a
short time eh In what a short time man
this movie has changed and dasas
also said something in a live thanks
alitus You very much gorgeous and no I haven't had the
opportunity been working
too much I want I want to see because I
want to set up a new studio and I'm
going crazy to see how I set it up
because I would like to set up one that had
an area for podcasts to be able to
do some podcast with Li I would also
like to do it I'm there tied up with a
ton of things and it's driving me crazy she's
gorgeous proso Thank you very much for
incredible and m merc basically I didn't
want to give her more fame at that moment and that's it that was
all in  essence that was
all but well the joker came to the
clown this lai sincerely like
many others there I think they will have
asked the chat by haplo they have
criminal records or in jail
directly people who spent their time
harassing me full And that right now they
are convicted with
criminal records or directly in prison
literally in prison eh eh Roman
very handsome I love you a lot and I
send you a big beautiful kiss right Thank you
very much for the tip I
love you a lot Roman eh And yes crazy
like many who dedicated themselves to making a
lot of garbage to me and now they are in
jail literally I am not literally
and others who are going to be soon very
strong and no who refers to another I know that he has
filed complaints and things but
for jail tasty old man did you see the new thing
from coscu yes we will see it now we will
see now I will see what he thinks here
the compel as my Telegram group
knows I have been having a problem for
about a week with a
person that now I cannot name by
name and surname because obviously he
has a restraining order this
stupid because Obviously that I  I'm not
going to do absolutely anything But this
person robbed me head on head on
head on 50,000 eh but head on Well head on going around in circles I did
n't want to go to I didn't
want to go to the bank When when
Supposedly he was going to return the money he
left me stranded Rivel very sad I don't
know what I don't know I don't know what videos it's two
days in a row he left me stranded at the
bank this guy made me go for l wait in
a restaurant that supposedly came to
arrive and never came he had a supposed
Russian partner who was himself answering
the call and doing accents or rather a
lot of madness the guy stopped not to not to
return the money What happens is that I woke up and
I managed to get his account blocked eh
before I could withdraw the money no
Steven do you think that Dallas can
take Rai to jail I guess not I
guess not this is because of
a threat that Rai wrote to a
person who supposedly stole 50,000 from him
and that he he went to the police station and ended up well
in jail ended up detained for
this So they blocked the account but they did
n't want to keep it blocked
until then I  I didn't have a
police report reporting what
the guy had done to me enough that I go to a
police department in one of the
cities here Miami I am there all afternoon
practically all afternoon well
helping giving statements about
how the guy had stolen from me how much he had
taken from me blah blah blah well it
turns out that the guy while I yes today there will have
seen on the main channel I am there
at the police station begins to say that
supposedly allegedly What
happened with the Dallas class action lawsuit
the truth is that I don't know the truth is
that I don't know nobody knows no I hope it's
not the parents the truth Because we have been
left like with honey on our
lips never better but with honey on our
lips Why man I mean why would you be
happy heo in theory it was going to come out
in November the last one that you told me
in the chat in November But if it was if it
was in September it's already in November
but if it was in September in August it was
in September already in November okay they
had commented that November was going to
come to light Yeah yes but the
class action lawsuit was It was a metaphor it was a
metaphor a metaphor that I just Dear
a metaphor How are things going  I had it Oh, we
still have to explain Where is
the class action lawsuit, we still have to
explain Who is RAE, we still have to
explain Who is delox married to
do something to him physically, which never
happened, I mean, never that I'm going to do
this to you, I'm going to do that to you, the only thing I
explicitly told him was this, I'm in
the police force, I sent him a photo to the
police station, I'm in the police force
and I think that today you won't get to sleep
at your house, but I never told him
because I was one, I mean, what made
raez be imprisoned was telling him
this and I think that today you won't get to
sleep at your house, but I never
told him because I went looking for him, I mean,
the space-time line according to
raez Comments It's that he goes to a police station in
Miami to report a guy who
supposedly stole 50,000 from him while he's
there at the police station he writes to this guy
and to the guy He doesn't do anything to him with 50,000
bucks, I mean, raay is supposed to
have proof of those 50,000 that were
stolen from him from those calls  putting usa and
the guy They don't do anything to him They arrested ra
because he made a threat Come on,
anonymous boy, today you're not sleeping in your
bed, no, you're not sleeping in, but I never
sent a photo to the police station,
the police are here and I think that today you won't be able
to sleep at your house and this made
the guy I was reporting
report him for threats, anyway, I never
told him because I was going to look for him or
because I was going to do any kind of
harm to him, so the guy grabs onto that
message to say that I wanted that I
was threatening him with going to
look for him to do something to him and the
police from the police department from
there what they did instead of going
after the guy who stole the 50,000 from me
was arrest me because I told him in the
message that tonight I wouldn't be coming
home because probably the police, how do you
think, how do you think, let's see, according to
what you say, it's at least comical, the
truth, according to how you are saying it, it's comical,
it's the great, great, very
impressive crime that I committed, being
robbed  50,000 and the guy who
robbed me I told him that no no no it's a lie
because in what it says here a kiss
Vero Can someone pass me the audios
that nauter flay published that she
took out raed's ex come on but not
only the audios but right here
once I remember that he donated and the
donation itself was [ __ ] crazy that I
had to s man Calm down I mean if to
me from the first moment from the
first day when I saw this guy I
didn't like the way he went and everything else I
respected him he was a friend of
Dallas or a partner or colleague or whatever the [ __ ] it was
and I respected him That's why but my
boy what the [ __ ] is the black bull man they
're all putting me on the tweet that I
put about Messi Berga you are always going to
be the black bull what the [ __ ] is that
someone can explain it to me well what they are
saying around here in what it says
here it says the charge eh write
death threats slander let's see the police don't
take it that's why I'm going to jail
anyone  Obviously I don't live in the United
States and I don't know what it will be But
guys, more than anything, it's logical, not because of
insults, not because of threats, it has nothing to
do with the 50,000, we'll
see how all this ends, the thing is Sur
realistic, to say the least, the thing is
surreal at this moment a
restraining order the guy I can't say his
name, I mean, he has a
restraining order As he said before, the same for
those who For those who follow me on
Instagram already know who it is because Lu,
the thing is that Dallas, seeing this, has
posted a rather curious comment
saying the following: he's crazy, the
slightest thing goes crazy and starts
saying outrageous things He's really
sick, seeing this, he posted a
rather curious comment saying the
following: he's crazy, the thing is
surreal, this is a restraining order the
guy I can't say his name, he has a
restraining order As Launcher said before, the
same for those who For those who
follow me on Instagram already know who it is,
kiss Braulio Hey, the thing is that Dallas,
seeing this, has posted a
rather curious comment saying the following: he's crazy,
the slightest thing goes
crazy and starts saying  atrocities He's
really sick the thing is
why is this why they deported him deusa no what
dude is what dude you can't say this
How come if they condemn him they deport him
Of course they deported him in the United States
a Venezuelan guy they condemned him for
death threats and assaults of course
obviously they didn't condemn him I'm not saying that if they
condemn him that's from an anime called
Black Lovers watch it I imagine it's
things like that but I'm not
asking you what cartoon it's from but
what is it that the black bull does the
black bull thing is a reference to a
really good anime basically it
means that they consider you a friend that they
think you're straying they think you
're straying from the path for continuing
on and one day you'll reconsider and
join the group no matter what What's going on what's going on
you can say this you can't say
this when for that very reason they just
put raí in jail you would have a
bail of 00,000 man don't [ __ ] with me you
said you wanted to rip him off  brao
one
for real if he's a citizen there's no one who can
get him out of there if he's a citizen even if he's a
migrant because he's a migrant No,
what he said here this when you for
that very reason they just put him in jail
raí You have a bail of 00,000
man don't [ __ ] with me you said you wanted to
rip someone's arm off or that
if I crossed him I'd end up in the
cemetery and then what about the best of
friends Come on if I lived in the United States
and a person in the United States reported him they
would be the same as rizo worse
man I don't know I don't know man I do
n't know well eh or maybe he wouldn't do it or we
'll have to see what he said we'll
have to see what
the previous one said anyway they won't deport him the
crime was in the United States yes but yes
if you are a citizen of the United
States who comes from outside I didn't give
Goyo's face but he doesn't
realize he doesn't realize Ah it's the
Dallas of the past is it true says Karime
Javi in ​​the USA it doesn't work like you say if he
committed  the crime in the United States and even
worse for an American citizen there, they
have to serve their sentence, yes, but
what I'm referring to when we
talk about deportation, what I understand
is when, let's see. I understand that
this sentence will not be jail time, no. I mean, I
don't think this sentence is a
jail sentence of C, years in jail. I
understand that then he cannot continue
living in the United States. No, if he has
this, no, I'm not explaining myself, right? I
mean, I'm not talking about, let's see if they convict him,
obviously he has to serve the sentence,
but once he serves that sentence, if the
sentence is to be in jail for a few days,
a few months, a week, or it's a fine or
whatever, okay, then they let you live in
the United States. With that, if he's a
citizen, yes, he can continue living there.
Well, I have my doubts about that,
but you guys know more than I do. I'm a
migrant. If Israel has citizenship, it's not going to
happen. The Dallas of the past said that, it does
n't count, it doesn't count. The Dallas of the
present is a completely
different person, his name is Red Hel me,
literally. How? Oh my God, they
literally have to do an
urgent help me. The name fits him perfectly.
Luar says if he has a visa  yes they
can take it away from him if he's a citizen it's as if he
were from there and raed What is a citizen or
with a visa how long does it take to be one of
his jokes from H of 31 years old my goodness my goodness is
that dude you can't say
this dude you can't say this you're You
're projecting himself he's mega crazy at
the slightest thing he goes crazy and starts
saying outrageous things but dude if you're
the first yes you're the first for
all those who are celebrating that
this happened to me unfortunately he doesn't comment
Ray's best friend I'm going to comment on
something I find it hard to believe his version because
he sent it because I find it hard to believe his
version Well it's hard for me eh I find it hard to
believe it eh I'm trying it's hard for me it's hard for me I
'm trying but I
find it a little hard to believe his version eh
I'm not very convinced of his version he
commands it can't be misinterpreted anymore if he
sends it from the police station for me He
said something else and he doesn't say it I support
raid But he is very explosive I support
raide's phrase but Dallas was never
as alive as it is now XD no it's not like that can you
imagine if it were the other way around not
even that he stepped on  jail with
just the complaint as these
sick people would be but they are not proving that
they only care about who and not the one I
support, the sub has become famous since he is in
the squid games he is not the same he
is not the same he is not the same
subscribe if you
like I don't know but Let's see surreal no
7500 for putting 7500 bucks on someone I
have my doubts that they put them on you
simply because of what they are saying that they took it out of
context without
any proof I have my doubts right you Maybe it
is a country with very few guarantees
and at the slightest thing they put you in jail someone
comes along and says look look
tonight don't sleep at home because you are
filing a complaint because you have
stolen 50,000 It's weird not because all the
police could you explain the context
of that no it's not me I'm not putting it on him
because I want to kill him but because I am
at the police station right now filing
a complaint and I am with gbel I think there is
something more it's not that I think it's
too crazy  It seems too crazy to me, they
invent that, I mean, in this case, they
invent, I mean, look, look at this stuff, what are they
saying here? Look, written
threats, written threats to
kill, incredible written threats to
kill or to cause physical harm, that didn't
happen and that didn't happen. I don't know. I don't know. What did
you tell me that you put another tweet, let's
see. Oh
[Music]